{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2513
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Inconsolata-Regular;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww7420\viewh7200\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \
Hague, June 1. // VVE have Advice fromt he West-Indies that the French Court has ordered the Spanish there to put in execuaiton their old Pretensions of seizing all Ships that come to Trade on those Coasts, upon which they have already taken some Dutch Vessels, and made some Descents in the Bay of Campeachy, and on the Coast of Honduras, where they have burnt Houses, and drove away the Peopel, who used to trade with the Engish and Dutch, and other Europeans. This is so much the more remarkable, that the French did formerly oppose these Pretensions of the Spaniards most of any People in Europe, and publickly declared to the World, they would never submit to them; and that other Christian Princes had as much Right to settle in the West-Indies or to Trade there as the Spaniards; but now they design to ingross all the Trade of that part of the World betwixt themselves, though in time the Spaniards shall scarcely have so much Honour as to be their Factors there. The Count de Avaux according to his usual Manner, talks very big; he says, his Master is for Peace, but that since others breath nothing but War, he is in a Condition to push it on with Vigor, and that they must not expect Peace on such easie Terms afterwards, as they may have it now.\
\
LONDON, July 29. // \'85 // There is Advice from Boston in New England, that a Pirate Ship and a Sloop with black Flags, and Deaths-Heads in them, with three more Sloops with bloody Flags, attacked and burnt on the Coast of Honduras, the Protestant Caesar of 400 Tun, 26 Guns and 50 Men, commanded by Captain Wyer.\
\
LONDON // \'85 // \'92Tis advis\'92d from Boston in New-England, that a Pyrate Ship and Sloop had destroy\'92d the Bay of Honduras, and burnt 8 Vessels belonging to Boston, and all the Wood laid up there. \'85\
\
London, July 3. // The following Account is from the Boston Gazette of May 7. viz. That on the 10th of January last, the Ship Greyhound of that Port, Captain Benjamin Edwards was attacke\'92d in the Bay of Honduras by a Pyrate Ship call\'92d The Happy Delivery (formerly the Bumper Galley) of 250 Tons, a proportionable Number of Guns, and 80 or 90 Men, commanded by George Lowder; she had with her a Consort Sloop of 30 Tons and 25 Men: The Greyhound made a stout Resistance, but was at last taken, and her Men barbarously us\'92d. They also took 7 other Vessels, two of which were Brigantines belonging to Boston; after they had plunder\'92d them, they burnt one and sunk the other. Captain Ayre\'92s Sloop of Connecticut they also burnt; Captain Hamilton\'92s Sloop of Jamaica they carry\'92d with them; a Sloop belonging to Virginia they empty\'92d and gave to the Captain again; another was a Sloop of 80 Tons from Rhode-Island, which they mounted with Guns for their own Service; but the 7th they give no Account of. They forc\'92d away from the Greyhound, Christopher Atwel, Chief Mate, born in the West of England; Charles Harris, 2d Mate born in London; Henry Smith, Carpenter, born in Boston; Joseph Willis, Apprentice to the Captain, born in London; David Lindsey, born in Scotland; then burnt the said Ship. // Those Pyrates went afterwards to Port Maho in the Gulph of Montick to Careen: and having carry\'92d most of the Goods on Shore, the Country People came down and surpriz\'92d them, so that they were forc\'92d to burn the Ship that was upon the Heel, and betake themselves to their Sloops and make off.\
\
Boston in New-England, April 16. // \'92Tis vonfirm\'92d by Letters from Honduras, that Capt. Ewers, with a Vessel belonging tot his Town, was attack\'92d in that Bay by Lowder the Pyrate, and that after a long and stout Resistance, our Men were at last oblig\'92d to yield, and were very barbarously used. The Vessel was burnt, and most of the Men forc\'92d on Board the Pyrate Sloop. \'85 \
\
Rhode-Island, March 19. \
\
}
