{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2513
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Inconsolata-Regular;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh6380\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Dear Editor,\
\
In their 31 Oct. letter, Fr. Giuliani pointed out that \'93[P]ersonal satisfaction or expression or the partner\'92s satisfaction is \'85 the LGBT person\'92s reason for sexual activity.\'94 After a cursory poll, I and my LGBT friends agreed on this with Fr. Giuliani. I was glad to see a clergy member recognise intercourse between consenting adults as \ul personal expression\ulnone .\
\
Freedom to express ourselves may have technically been conceded to us in the 1981 Constitution, but that\'92s just a technicality. In fact, we have arguably held onto and exercised this freedom since the Ex-Servicemen\'92s Riot of 1919. I take it that a century of practice in free speech has convinced all of us \'97 clergy included \'97 of the paramount importance of protecting personal expression.\
\
I was surprised, then, to see Fr. Giuliani calling on readers to curtail the free speech of the over 19,000 Belizeans who identify as LGBT. There are more LGBT Belizeans than there are residents of Belmopan. We need just replace \'93LGBT\'94 with \'93residents of Belmopan\'94 in Fr. Giuliani\'92s letter to see how un-Belizean and un-democratic such an appeal is.\
\
The Government, and fellow Belizeans themselves, have no more standing to restrict the free speech of LGBT Belizeans than they do that of residents of Belmopan. Which is to say, \ul no one\ulnone  has any right whatsoever to restrict another\'92s freedom of expression.\
\
But surely, Fr. Giuliani did not mean to call on us to strip 19,000 Belizeans of their free speech? Surely, the Catholic Church, whose teachings \'93inspired the original Belize Constitution,\'94 according to Fr. Giuliani, would never call for such a crime? Rather, the Church must surely be all \ul for\ulnone  the protection of free expression, in accordance with its own teachings.\
\
Angel Navidad}